update to new command (#1373)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/blog/tina-v-0.69.0.md

### Updates to scripts in package.json

> We now recommend using the content API in CI and using our new `dev` and `build` commands. the `dev` command starts the local graphql server and start your subscript (`next dev`). The `build` command compiles the client with the production URL and build the graphQL schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now recommend using the content API in CI and using our new `dev` and `build` commands. The `dev` command starts the local GraphQL server and runs your subscript (`next dev`). The `build` command compiles the client with the production URL and builds the GraphQL schema.
```
